# ICE_Final
We share the code and output for each of the pairwise or hyper-edge curves for the information single-layer model. The final plot in the paper combines these curves in a single plot.
The other ipynb files are for the main 3-layer model used to get the simulation outputs. We also share the csv output for the heatmaps. 
Figures in the manuscript are plotted in Matlab using the outputs from the python model. 

# Simulation procedures and layer-connection implementation
Each state transition (or event) has a probability of occurring, and the sum event probabilities is the total probability. For example, the probability for rumour spreading has $\lambda$ multiplied by the number of infected edges. If a state transition is interaction-based, then the probability is the rate multiplied by the relevant edges in the corresponding layer. If a state transition is spontaneous, then the probability equals the rate multiplied by the relevant number of individuals. For instance, disease recovery probability has $\mu$ multiplied by the number of infected. For each event, we draw a event probability from the total probability. Then under that event, we use conditional statements and examine network features to decide if the event will happen. For example, the choice of a gossip spreader node within a gossip spreading event is proportional to the node degree.  The time increment at each step is non-fixed. We follow a continuous time stochastic process to simulate the event. 

How we connect layers is by examining the features of the chosen node in another layer (such as fraction of neighbours of a certain type), and then decide if the transition will happen or not. For example, if we want to shift from protected ($P$) to non-protected ($N$), and we want to base the transition upon the information layer's local feature. We will first randomly choose a protected node. Then we check and record its gossip neighbor fraction ($\rho_\text{G}$) and global infected fraction  ($\rho_\text{G}$) and plug into the state shifting function in our manuscript. Finally, we draw a random uniform number to compare with the function result and decide if the transition will occur.
